[rock music]
♪ ♪
[woman singing in Japanese]
>> narrator: THIS IS THE TALE
OF A MAN WHO PIERCES
THE FATE OF A UNIVERSE RULED BY
THE ENDLESS CYCLE OF VIOLENCE.
THE SUPER GALAXY DAI‐GURREN SETS
SAIL TO END THE CONFLICT ONCE
AND FOR ALL.
MEMBERS OF TEAM GURREN ARE
DESTROYED ONE BY ONE AS THE
ENEMY FLEET, LYING IN WAIT
FOR THEM, ATTACKS.
NOW THE SUPER GALAXY DAI‐GURREN,
HOPING TO TURN THE TABLES BY
TRANSFORMING, IS BEING SWALLOWED
BY A BLACK SEA UNFOLDING
IN SPACE.
THE GREAT SHIP IS ABOUT
TO MEET ITS END.
>> Tetsukan: THE SUPER GALAXY
DAI‐GURREN IS SINKING!
>> Dayakka: SINKING?!
WE’RE IN SPACE!
HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE?
>> Ron: THE FABRIC OF
SPACE‐TIME IS BEING
COMPRESSED INTO AN ULTRA‐DENSE
STATE.
THAT’S WHY IT’S LOOKING TO US
LIKE WATER.
>> Dayakka: NOTHING MAKES SENSE
ANYMO‐‐
[all screaming]
>> Boota: [grunting]
>> Dayakka: GET US TO
THE SURFACE
>> Gabal: I CAN’T DO IT!
ENGINE OUTPUT WON’T INCREASE!
>> Yoko: UHH!
>> Kittan: CAREFUL!
>> Yoko: THANKS, KITTAN.
>> Kittan: YOU MUST BE GETTING
SOFT, LOSING YOUR BALANCE
OVER A LITTLE TO‐AND‐FRO
LIKE THIS.
>> Yoko: NOT TO WORRY, KITTAN.
IT’S ALL ABOUT FILLING IN THE
BLANKS WITH LIFE’S EXPERIENCES.
>> Kittan: UHH?!
EXPERIENCES?!
>> Yoko: WHAT’S WITH YOU?
>> Kittan: UH, NOTHING!
[rumbling]
THAT CAN’T BE GOOD.
WHAT IN THE HELL IS GOING ON OUT
THERE?
>> Cybela: ENEMY FLEET IS
GATHERING ON THE SURFACE!
>> Artenborough: FIRING ALL
MAIN CANNONS!
>> Ron: WAIT, NO!
ALL THE ENERGY WILL BE‐‐
>> Dayakka: WHAT HAPPENED?
>> Tetsukan: THE MAIN CANNON
BEAMS HAVE DISSIPATED.
>> Ron: IT SEEMS LIKE THE
SPIRAL ENERGY WAS
ABSORBED SOMEHOW.
>> Dayakka: BUT THAT’S
IMPOSSIBLE!
>> Artenborough: MY CANNONS...
DON’T...WORK.
>> Tetsukan: THE CANNONS NEVER
WORK WHEN YOU USE THEM,
ARTENBOROUGH!
>> Lordgenome: IT WOULD APPEAR
THAT WE ARE BEING ENVELOPED
BY A DEATH SPIRAL FIELD.
>> Ron: A DEATH SPIRAL FIELD?
>> Lordgenome: SPIRAL POWER IS
ABSORBED AND CONVERTED
INTO MASS.
THEREFORE, THE MORE SPIRAL POWER
WE USE, THE DENSER
THIS REGION BECOMES.
>> Ron: SO THAT’S WHY IT LOOKS
LIKE A SEA.
>> Lordgenome: IF WE WERE TO
SINK INTO ITS DEPTHS,
NOT EVEN SUPER GALAXY DAI‐GURREN
WOULD SURVIVE.
>> Ron: MEANING WE’LL BE
CRUSHED FLAT BY THE WATER‐‐
NO, THE SPACE PRESSURE.
>> Dayakka: THIS CANNOT BE
HAPPENING.
>> Simon: LEAVE IT TO ME,
DAYAKKA!
SEE, THE KEY HERE IS TO REV UP
THE ENGINES FASTER THAN THE
ENERGY CAN BE DRAINED.
OUR POWER IS LIMITLESS!
JUST AS LONG AS OUR HEARTS DON’T
GIVE IN!
>> Viral: YOU SPOUT A BUNCH
OF CRAP.
BUT THIS IS CRAP THAT I CAN
REALLY GET BEHIND!
LEAVE THE FINE‐TUNING TO ME!
>> Simon: AAH!
DAMN IT, COME ON!
>> Ron: OUTPUT IS INCREASING!
>> Dayakka: RAISE THE BOW!
TAKE US UP!
>> Gabal: AYE, AYE! TAKE US UP!
>> Cybela: ENEMY UNITS ARE NOW
ENTERING THE SEA.
THEY’RE MOVING IN OUR
DIRECTION!
>> Dayakka: INTERCEPT ’EM!
>> Ron: ARTENBOROUGH, SWITCH
TO LIVE AMMO!
>> Artenborough: YOU GOT IT!
CHEW ON THIS!
>> Tetsukan: THE MISSILES ARE
WORKING!
>> Cybela: BUT THERE’S TOO MANY
OF THEM!
>> Tetsukan: IT LOOKS LIKE
THEY’RE TRYING TO FORCE US DOWN
TO THE BOTTOM OF THE SEA!
>> Dayakka: ISN’T THERE
ANYTHING WE CAN DO TO
SHAKE ’EM OFF?
>> Gimmy: AREN’T YOU SCARED,
KITTAN?
>> Kittan: HUH?
>> Gimmy: AREN’T YOU AFRAID OF
DYING OUT THERE?
YOU’LL BE FIGHTING A TON OF
ENEMIES IN ULTRA‐DENSE SPACE.
HOW MUCH FIGHTING CAN YOU DO
WITH YOUR SPACE KING KITTAN
ALL SMASHED UP LIKE IT IS?
HOW CAN YOU GO OUT, KNOWING WHAT
MIGHT HAPPEN?
>> Kittan: GIMMY, WHAT ARE
YOU SAYING?
>> Gimmy: IT’S NOT FAIR.
I WANT TO CHOOSE TO GO OUT
IN A BLAZE OF GLORY, JUST
LIKE YOU.
BUT I JUST CAN’T GET MY BODY
TO MOVE.
>> Darry: GIMMY.
>> Gimmy: UHH!
>> Kittan: WHAT ARE YOU, SOME
KINDA MORON OR SOMETHING?!
COME ON. MAN UP AND SHOW ME THE
GUY WHO AIN’T AFRAID OF DYIN’.
"GO OUT IN A BLAZE OF GLORY"?
I GOT NO CHOICE.
THIS IS ALL I’M GOOD AT!
WE DO THIS BECAUSE WE WANT TO!
YOU GOTTA MOVE FORWARD, NO
MATTER WHAT, ESPECIALLY
WHEN YOU’RE SCARED!
UHH!
YOU KNOW...
AW, MAN, I CAN’T EXPLAIN
IT RIGHT!
LOOK, I’LL JUST SAY THIS MUCH.
THE REASON JORGUN AND BALINBOW
GAVE THEIR LIVES TO SAVE YOU IS
’CAUSE THEY WANTED TO.
SO THERE’S NO REASON FOR YOU TO
FEEL LIKE YOU OWE ’EM.
GOT IT?
[pounding footsteps receding]
[clanking]
>> Kittan: AH, DAMN IT, I CAN’T
GET THE RIGHT WORDS OUT.
>> Yoko: YOU THINK?
>> Kittan: IF THAT GUY WAS
HERE, HE WOULDA DONE A BETTER
JOB OF INSPIRING ’EM.
WHEN HE RALLIED THE TROOPS,
HIS WORDS TOOK A STRAIGHT PATH
TO YOUR HEART.
I REALLY ENVY HIM.
I DO.
>> Yoko: "THAT GUY."
>> Kittan: I FEEL IT MORE AND
MORE WITH EVERY PASSING DAY.
I TELL YA, THAT KAMINA
WAS ONE HELL OF A MAN.
>> Yoko: [gasps]
BUT DON’T FORGET, KITTAN...
>> Kittan: [grunts]
>> Yoko: TEAM DAI‐GURREN NEVER
WOULD HAVE COME THIS FAR HAD IT
NOT BEEN FOR YOU.
SIMON WAS PULLING US FROM ABOVE
WHILE YOU PUSHED AND SHOVED
FROM BELOW.
THAT’S HOW WE MANAGED TO GET
HERE, AT LEAST THAT’S THE WAY
I SEE IT.
>> Kittan: UH...UH...
>> Yoko: YOU CAN BE JUST AS
PROUD OF DOING THAT FOR US,
DON’T YOU THINK?
>> Kittan: UHH...
WE’RE WASTING GOOD TIME HERE.
LET’S GO!
[clang]
>> Dayakka: THAT KITTAN!?
SPACE KING KITTAN WORKS
IN THIS SOUP?
>> Leyte: ITS SPIRAL ENGINE
ISN’T ITS ONLY POWER SOURCE.
GUNMEN COULD RUN ON ELECTRICITY
BACK WHEN WE WERE ON THE
SURFACE, REMEMBER?
>> Dayakka: OH, I GET IT!
SO THEN THE SPACE GUNMEN
SHOULD HAVE BACKUP POWER
SOURCES AS WELL!
>> Yoko: [gasps]
>> Kittan: LOOK OUT!
DON’T MESS WITH ME!
>> Yoko: ARE YOU OKAY?!
>> Kittan: I LOST AN ARM,
THAT’S ALL.
IT’S NO BIG DEAL.
>> Yoko: THAT WAS A ROOKIE
MISTAKE.
SORRY.
>> Kittan: NAH, DON’T SWEAT IT,
YOKO.
YOU FILL IN THE BLANKS WITH
LIFE’S EXPERIENCES, RIGHT?
MAN, THEY’RE COMING IN
SWARMS NOW.
HEY, YOKO...
WHEN WE GET BACK TO EARTH,
HOW ’BOUT YOU INTRODUCE ME
TO THOSE KIDS OF YOURS?
>> Yoko: [gasps]
>> Kittan: I’M KINDA GRUFF.
BUT I GOTTA TELL YOU,
I LOVE KIDS.
ONCE WE WASTE THESE BASTARDS,
TAKE OUT THE ANTI‐SPIRALS,
AND GO HOME TO EARTH,
WELL, THAT’S WHEN I’LL‐‐
DAMN IT, LET ME FINISH TALKING!
>> Gimmy: ARE YOU TWO OKAY?!
>> Kittan: ARE YOU CRAZY?!
SHOW SOME COMMON SENSE!
>> Gimmy: BUT WE KICK LOGIC OUT
AND MAKE THE IMPOSSIBLE
POSSIBLE!
ISN’T THAT THE WAY TEAM GURREN
ROLLS?
>> Kittan: WELL, YEAH, BUT‐‐
>> Darry: LOOK, WE’RE DOING
THIS BECAUSE IT’S WHAT WE
WANT TO DO.
PLEASE, KITTAN, LET US FIGHT BY
YOUR SIDE.
>> Kittan: AW, YOU WIN.
I JUST CAN’T SAY NO TO WOMEN
AND KIDS.
OKAY, YOU THREE!
WE’RE GONNA RIP THOSE MONSTERS
OFF THE SHIP!
>> all: ROGER!
♪ ROW, ROW, FIGHT THE POWER ♪ ♪
♪ ROW, ROW, FIGHT THE POWER ♪
[explosions and laser blasts]
>> Kittan: WHEW!
THAT’S ABOUT ALL OF ’EM.
>> Gimmy: YOKO, LOOK AT THAT!
>> Cybela: ZOOMING IN.
>> Dayakka: THOSE ARE LAGANNS!
>> Kittan: HEY, LEERON, WHAT
THE HELL’S GOING ON?
>> Lordgenome: BEFORE YOU ARE
THE COUNTLESS SPIRAL WARRIORS
WHO HAVE FACED THE
ANTI‐SPIRALS IN BATTLE
THROUGHOUT TIME.
>> Kittan: SO, UH, DOES THIS
MEANS THAT A BUNCH OF OTHER
GOOD GUYS BESIDES US WERE ABLE
TO MAKE IT THIS FAR?
>> Anti‐Spiral: THAT IS EXACTLY
WHAT IT MEANS,
FOOLISH PEOPLE OF THE SPIRAL.
DO NOT DELUDE YOURSELVES INTO
BELIEVING THAT YOU ARE SPECIAL.
IN THE BATTLE BETWEEN THE SPIRAL
AND ANTI‐SPIRAL RACE,
WHICH HAS CROSSED THE EONS,
YOU ARE PALTRY, INSIGNIFICANT
BEINGS, NOTHING MORE.
>> Simon: [grunts]
>> Anti‐Spiral: NOW BEHOLD THE
HISTORY OF THE SPIRAL RACES’
DEFEAT.
YOU ARE IN THE GALACTIC
SPIRAL ABYSS...
THE SPIRAL GRAVEYARD.
>> Cybela: HIGH‐ORDER ENERGY
DETECTED IN THE DEEPEST AREA.
WE’RE BEING SLOWLY PULLED IN!
>> Lordgenome: THE DEATH
SPIRAL MACHINE.
THAT IS WHAT IS GENERATING
THIS FIELD THAT HAS
ENVELOPED US.
>> Dayakka: THEY KILLED
THAT MANY LAGANNS?
>> Ron: THIS SPACE OCEAN IS
WHERE THE TEARS
OF THE SPIRAL RACES END UP.
>> Kittan: HEY, THIS IS NO TIME
TO BE GETTING ALL POETIC ON US!
WE GOTTA DO SOMETHING QUICK!
IF THIS KEEPS UP, THE WHOLE
DAMN SHIP’S GONNA BE CRUSHED!
>> Simon: DON’T GIVE UP,
YOU GUYS!
WE CAN’T LET THE ANTI‐SPIRALS
HAVE THINGS THEIR WAY!
OUR DEAD FRIENDS...THE SPIRAL
RACES THAT FELL IN BATTLE,
WE’LL TAKE IN ALL THEIR REGRETS.
WE’LL TAKE IT ALL IN AND TURN
IT ALL INTO STRENGTH!
WE’RE NOT GONNA LET IT END...
NOT HERE!
>> Boota: [grunting]
>> Simon: GABAL, TURN US AROUND!
>> Boota: HUH?
>> Simon: POINT THE BOW TOWARDS
THE CORE!
>> Dayakka: WHAT HAVE YOU GOT
IN MIND?
>> Simon: WHAT ELSE?
WE’LL FLY DOWN THIS
DEATH SPIRAL MACHINE’S THROAT
AND DESTROY IT!
I MEAN, COME ON.
ISN’T THAT THE WAY
TEAM DAI‐GURREN ROLLS?
>> Ron: GOOD POINT.
FOR BETTER OR WORSE,
WE’VE ALWAYS ROLLED THE DICE
ON THAT DRILL OF SIMON’S.
>> Dayakka: UP UNTIL NOW.
AND ON TO THE VERY END!
RIGHT, GUYS?
>> Artenborough: HMM?
>> Dayakka: BRING US ABOUT,
BEARING 1‐8‐0!
>> Gabal: I’M ON IT!
>> Boota: [grunting]
>> Lordgenome: THE DEATH SPIRAL
MACHINE IS SURROUNDED BY
A REGION OF ULTRA‐DENSE SPACE.
EVEN THE SUPER GALAXY DAI‐GURREN
WILL BE LUCKY TO SURVIVE
300 SECONDS WITHIN IT.
A SPIRAL CONVERSION FIELD
SURROUNDS THE MACHINE, REACHING
OUT IN ALL DIRECTIONS.
THIS FIELD PROTECTS THE MACHINE
BY ABSORBING ALL MASS AND
CONVERTING IT INTO SPIRAL POWER.
>> Simon: [grunting]
>> Ron: IT NEGATES THE PRESSURE
AND GENERATES ENERGY
AT THE SAME TIME.
TWO BIRDS WITH ONE STONE.
BUT STILL, THERE’S A FATAL FLAW
IN THAT DESIGN.
>> Lordgenome: A MASSIVE DOSE
OF SPIRAL POWER
WOULD DISRUPT THE ABSORPTION
PROCESS AND CAUSE A LOCALIZED
COLLAPSE OF THE FIELD.
>> Ron: SO WE LOB IN AS MANY
SPIRAL MISSILES AS WE CAN
INTO THE GAP, AND THAT’S
THE END OF THAT MACHINE.
>> Kittan: DOESN’T SOUND AS
TOUGH AS I EXPECTED!
>> Yoko: I GUESS THIS
ANTI‐SPIRAL JERK DIDN’T
FIGURE THAT PEOPLE CRAZY ENOUGH
TO PLUNGE HEADFIRST INTO
ULTRA‐DENSE SPACE WOULD BE
COMING ALONG.
>> Darry: HOW ARE THE SUPER
SPIRAL MISSILES COMING?
>> Leyte: SIMON’S REALLY
RUNNING HIMSELF INTO
THE GROUND.
WE’LL BE LUCKY TO HAVE TWO ON
DECK BY THE TIME WE GET THERE.
>> Artenborough: TWO SHOTS’LL
GET THE JOB DONE!
[alarm blares]
>> Dayakka: WHAT WAS THAT?
>> Tetsukan: WE’VE GOT FLOODING
IN BLOCK 5826!
>> Dayakka: THERE’S FLOODING?!
>> Ron: DON’T FORGET WE’RE
TAKING ON ULTRA‐DENSE SPACE,
SO WE’RE NOT ACTUALLY
FLOODING HERE.
WE’RE SORT OF "SPACING"!
>> Tetsukan: BLOCK 280 IS
SPACING, TOO!
I’M SHOWING THE SAME WITH
BLOCK 447 AND ALSO BLOCK 2391!
>> Dayakka: CLOSE THOSE
BULKHEADS!
DON’T LET ANY MORE SPACE GET IN!
[whooshing]
[crash]
>> Lordgenome: THIS MISSION’S
PROBABILITY OF SUCCESS IS‐‐
>> Ron: YOU DON’T NEED
TO TELL US.
WE KNOW IT’S CRAZY.
ONCE WE’RE CLOSE, WE’LL HAVE
FIVE MINUTES TO CARRY OUT
THE OPERATION.
IF WE TAKE LONGER THAN THAT,
WE’LL BE CRUSHED AS FLAT
AS A PANCAKE.
TETSUKAN, LET CYBELA HANDLE
THINGS HERE.
GO HELP LEYTE.
>> Tetsukan: RIGHT. GOT IT.
>> Boota: [grunting]
>> Simon: AAAH!
>> Viral: SIMON!
>> Simon: DON’T WORRY.
I CAN HANDLE IT.
>> Leyte: REPLACE IT, A. S. A. P.!
WE DON’T HAVE MUCH TIME HERE!
>> Viral: THEY’RE REPLACING
THE DRILL.
GET SOME REST.
>> Simon: OKAY, BUT JUST
FOR A MINUTE.
>> Viral: I’M SORRY, SIMON.
I AM.
IF I HAD SPIRAL POWER, I WOULD‐‐
DAMN IT!
>> Boota: [grunting]
>> Viral: [grunts]
WHAT DO YOU WANT,
LITTLE PIG‐MOLE?
>> Boota: [energetic grunts]
>> Viral: YOU WANT TO COME
INSIDE?
>> Boota: [energetic grunts]
>> Viral: ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
>> Boota: [grunting]
>> Viral: WHAT?
I CAN’T BELIEVE IT!
>> Boota: [grunts]
[Boota growling]
>> Leyte: WHAT HAPPENED?
>> Viral: THIS LITTLE PIG‐MOLE
IS A BUNDLE OF SPIRAL POWER!
GURREN AND LAGANN CAN NOW
OPERATE IN TANDEM!
>> Simon: BOOTA, KEEP IT UP!
AFTER ALL, PAL, YOU’RE A TEAM
DAI‐GURREN MEMBER TOO!
>> Boota: [grunting]
>> Simon: [grunting]
>> Ron: BOOTA HAS SPIRAL
POWER, TOO?
>> Lordgenome: HUMANS ARE NOT
THE ONLY SPIRAL LIFE‐FORMS.
PERHAPS IT UNDERWENT A MUTATION
OR IT’S REACTING
TO SIMON’S POWER.
IN ANY EVENT, IT HAS STORED UP
MASSIVE SPIRAL POWER
WITHIN ITSELF.
>> both: [grunting]
[crashing]
>> Cybela: SPACING ABOARD THE
SHIP HAS GROWN MORE SEVERE!
GATE 589!
GATE 3264!
GATE 779!
THEY’VE ALL BEEN DESTROYED!
>> Dayakka: HURRY IT UP, GABAL!
>> Kittan: WHAT THE HELL
ARE THESE?
>> Tetsukan: DRILLS WE TOOK OFF
OF GURREN LAGANN.
>> Kittan: THEY BROKE?
>> Tetsukan: YEAH.
NEVER SEEN ONE BREAK BEFORE.
SIMON IS REALLY RISKING HIS LIFE
OUT THERE.
>> Kittan: HE IS, HUH?
>> Cybela: DEATH SPIRAL MACHINE
APPROACHING.
WILL ENTER FIRING RANGE
MOMENTARILY.
>> Artenborough: I’VE BEEN
WAITING!
>> Dayakka: WHAT’S THE STATUS
OF THE MISSILES?
>> Leyte: READY TO GO.
>> Cybela: ENEMY IS NOW WITHIN
FIRING RANGE!
>> Artenborough: FIRE!
>> Simon: THE MISSILE
DIDN’T MAKE IT?
>> Ron: BUT WE RAN
STRENGTH CALCULATIONS.
>> Dayakka: WAS THE INTENSITY
OF THE CONVERSION FIELD
HIGHER THAN WE CALCULATED?
>> Cybela: SPACING IS ADVANCING
THROUGHOUT THE ENTIRE SHIP.
WE’VE ONLY GOT FOUR MINUTES AND
TEN SECONDS LEFT!
>> Ron: LEYTE, BEEF UP THE
SUPER SPIRAL MISSILE CASINGS
IN ONE MINUTE!
>> Leyte: ALREADY ON IT!
[punching keys]
>> Yoko: LEYTE.
>> Kittan: HOLD ON, YOKO.
SORRY, BUT THIS ONE IS MINE.
LEYTE, LOAD THE SUPER
SPIRAL MISSILE ONTO MY
SPACE KING KITTAN.
>> Leyte: WHAT DID YOU SAY?!
>> Kittan: IN DAI‐GUNMEN MODE,
ITS ARMOR IS REALLY THICK.
WE’RE SHORT ON TIME.
IT’LL BE FASTER AND MORE
RELIABLE THAN CHANGING OUT THE
MISSILE CASINGS.
THAT’S WHAT YOU HAD IN MIND,
RIGHT?
>> Yoko: [gasps]
>> Kittan: SORRY.
JUST THINKING OF MYSELF,
LIKE ALWAYS.
>> Yoko: [gasps]
>> Kittan: THANKS.
>> Yoko: YOU’RE DOING THIS
BECAUSE YOU WANT TO.
I CAN’T STOP YOU.
♪ DO THE IMPOSSIBLE ♪
♪ SEE THE INVISIBLE ♪
♪ ROW, ROW, FIGHT THE POWER ♪
♪ TOUCH THE UNTOUCHABLE ♪
♪ BREAK THE UNBREAKABLE ♪
♪ ROW, ROW, FIGHT THE POWER... ♪
>> Kittan: I AIN’T SAYIN’ NO
SHOWY CRAP LIKE, "LATER, BUDDY,"
OR SOMETHING LAME LIKE THAT!
I’LL BE SEEING YOU SOON,
YOU BOZOS!
♪ DIGGING TO THE CORE ♪
♪ TO SEE THE LIGHT ♪
♪ LET’S GET OUT OF HERE, BABE ♪
♪ THAT’S THE WAY TO SURVIVE ♪
♪ YEAH, TOP OF YOUR HEAD... ♪
>> Dayakka: IT’S ALL YOU.
[crashing]
[rumbling]
>> Kittan: THAT’S IT.
NOW FIRE!
FIRE THE MISSILE!
[alarm blaring]
CRAP!
WHY’D THEY HAVE TO BUST NOW?
AAAAAH!
>> Cybela: EXPLOSION CONFIRMED
IN THE SPIRAL CONVERSION FIELD!
>> Dayakka: DID HE DO IT?
>> Cybela: NO, THE DEATH SPIRAL
MACHINE IS STILL INTACT.
>> Ron: KITTAN.
>> Artenborough: YOU DIED FOR
NOTHING, YOU STUPID BASTARD.
>> Yoko: NOT SO FAST!
WHAT’S THE ENERGY READING?
>> Cybela: JUDGING FROM ITS
SIZE, IT’S THE GUNMEN THAT WAS
INSIDE THE SPACE GUNMEN!
>> Kittan: KING KITTAN IS
FINE AND READY TO GO!
I BORROWED ONE OF GURREN
LAGANN’S DRILLS AS
A GOOD LUCK CHARM!
AND, BELIEVE ME, I’M GONNA
PUT IT TO GOOD USE!
>> Simon: KITTAN!
>> Kittan: THIS IS SIMON’S SOUL!
TEAM DAI‐GURREN’S SOUL!
HUMANITY’S SOUL!
AND ACTUALLY IT’S MY SOUL!
DO YOU SERIOUSLY THINK IT’S
GONNA BE WIPED OUT BY THE
LIKES OF YOU?!
[yells]
KING KITTAN...
GIGA...
DRILL...
BREAK!
SO THIS IS THE POWER OF
THE SPIRAL.
NOT BAD, NOT BAD AT ALL.
[laugh echoes]
[rumbling]
>> Yoko: [sobbing]
[all gasping]
>> Lordgenome: THIS OPERATION
HAD AN ALMOST ZERO‐PERCENT
CHANCE OF SUCCEEDING.
BUT IT SEEMS THAT THEORETICAL
CALCULATIONS ARE POINTLESS
WITH YOU.
>> Dayakka: WHAT’S THAT?
>> Cybela: THIS IS HUGE.
I AM PICKING UP AN
UNBELIEVABLY IMMENSE SPIRAL
ENERGY READING.
>> Lordgenome: WITH THE
DESTRUCTION OF THE DEATH
SPIRAL MACHINE, THIS DARK SEA
IS BEING CONVERTED
BACK INTO SPIRAL ENERGY.
IT IS THE LOGICAL OUTCOME.
>> Dayakka: YOU COULD HAVE
MENTIONED THAT BEFORE!
>> Ron: THE SUPER SPIRAL GAUGES
ARE CLIMBING!
10,000!
100,000!
1,000,000!
SIMON, GO FOR IT!
>> Simon: KITTAN, I ACCEPT
YOUR LAST WISH.
♪ FIGHT THE POWER... ♪
[woman vocalizing]
OK, VIRAL.
BOOTA, LET’S DO THIS.
TIME TO TRANSFORM!
>> Viral: BEEN WAITIN’
TO HEAR THAT!
NOW LET’S DO IT!
>> Boota: [grunting]
[rumbling]
[booming]
♪ ROW, ROW, FIGHT THE POWER ♪
[woman vocalizing]
[whoosh]
♪ ROW, ROW, FIGHT THE POWER ♪
[woman vocalizing]
♪ ♪
[whoosh]
♪ ROW, ROW, FIGHT THE POWER... ♪
[woman vocalizing]
>> Simon: OUR FRIEND’S HOPES
AND DREAMS ARE
ETCHED INTO ITS BODY,
TRANSFORMING THE INFINITE
DARKNESS INTO LIGHT!
UNMATCHED IN HEAVEN AND EARTH.
ONE MACHINE, EQUAL TO THE GODS!
SUPER GALAXY GURREN LAGANN!
♪ ROW, ROW, FIGHT THE POWER ♪
WE’RE GONNA SHOW YOU THE POWER
OF THE HUMAN RACE!
[man singing in Japanese]
♪ ♪
>> Simon: A SUPER GALAXY
GOD‐MACHINE GIVEN TO US BY OUR
FRIENDS’ DREAMS.
EVEN TRAPPED IN
A MULTIDIMENSIONAL HELL, ALL
PATHS LEAD TO THE HUMAN SPIRIT!
NEXT TIME ON GURREN LAGANN,
"LET’S GO, BUDDY."